Update Raspberry Pi, DeepStream, DALI, and ROS deployment guides (#24925)
ultralytics/ultralytics: docs/en/guides/raspberry-pi.md

## Use NCNN on Raspberry Pi

> Out of all the model [export formats](../modes/export.md) supported by Ultralytics, [NCNN](../integrations/ncnn.md) delivers the best inference performance on Raspberry Pi devices because it is highly optimized for mobile/embedded platforms such as ARM architecture. Convert your YOLO26n PyTorch model to NCNN, then run inference with the exported model:

Reviewer: ⚠️ **HIGH**: This now promotes NCNN as the default Raspberry Pi path, but current Ultralytics ARM64 builds disable NCNN inference entirely (`NotImplementedError: NCNN inference is not supported on ARM64`). On Pi 4/5, following this section with a current install will fail, so the guide needs a caveat/version pin or a different primary recommendation (for example ONNX/TFLite) until ARM64 NCNN support is restored. ([github.com](https://github.com/orgs/ultralytics/discussions/22214?utm_source=openai))

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
Out of all the model [export formats](../modes/export.md) supported by Ultralytics, [NCNN](../integrations/ncnn.md) can deliver excellent performance on Raspberry Pi devices, but current Ultralytics ARM64 builds do not support NCNN inference, so use ONNX or TFLite unless you pin to an older release.
```
